Issues/19 (#53)
trulysimple/tsargp: .changeset/orange-carpets-laugh.md

---
'tsargp': minor
---

> Added the `formatFull` method to the help formatter, that includes additional sections to the help message.

Author: ```suggestion
Added the `formatFull` method to the help formatter, that implements sections in the help message.
```
